# My README
This README is written using [Markdown][] format. I suggest you convert  
it to HTML before reading for a smoother experience.  

My is a Warcraft III hosting bot. It is capable of starting up a game  
server on a specified port on the host computer. Once the server is up  
players can join; either from the local network or the internet. The  
server itself can be controlled from the terminal as well, using the  
remote control utility provided.  

## Development Guidelines
There needs to be some guidelines. As I develop these as I go, they  
might not be followed in earlier releases; but they should be followed  
in the current release and later.  

### Git
- The first line should:
    - be short (50~ characters)
    - be written in present tense (what it does, not what it did)
    - describe the end result rather than the means

The following paragraphs ought to be written using Markdown syntax. 

### Code
- Spaces are used, *not* tabs
- Avoid trailing white space
- Lines are less than 72 columns wide
- CamelCased naming convention
- Use implicit layout; that is no semicolons or curly braces
- Spaces around operators and after commas
- Explicit type signatures<br>  
  
#### Comments
All code should be commented verbosely, but only if the comments add  
something new to the understanding of the associated section.

Avoid using more than one sentence in the first line of a comment, and  
do not use an ending dot on the first line. Except for that, Markdown is  
used here too.  

Give examples. Obvious code is not obvious unless [Captain Obvious][]  
approves it.

[Markdown]:        http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/
[Ghost++]:         http://forum.codelain.com/index.php
[Captain Obvious]: http://uncyclopedia.wikia.com/wiki/Captain_Obvious